Breadcrumbs:
	Where did I leave off, what did I just do:
		
	What would I have done next if I were to continue:
		
	Hints:
	Choose a natural stopping point where I'm looking forward to the next step:
		Code, stop after a minor change. Others say to leave a little cliff hanger, incomplete code will cause me to come back later.


Quick/easy low hanging fruit things:
	none lol.


fix: turn fireworks off after reset button is pressed
	might want to refactor the code for the button, so that it emits a signal, and a function then runs on the app's main scene.

put a flashing red light on the helicopter.

fix: brake lights on the car.
	There are references to the brake lights in code, and there's a node for it.
	Needs testing on web, mobile and desktop
	Watch a video on lighting in godot to find the right node to use.


Add the house to the finish line.
	write a draw_finish_line() function to draw a new line at the end of the breathline, and put the house on it somewhere.
	use this line of code to get the position.
	var last_point : Vector2 = breathline.curve.get_baked_points()[ breathline.curve.get_baked_points().size() - 1 ]
	the tree/sheep spawn draws a bit past the breathline, sometimes in the water, so test that it doesn't overlap with the house.
		set spawn rate to a really high rate to test it.



Allow the user to enter custom time lengths.
	The time lengths will be displayed as the actual length of the line based on the length of all the breaths added together,
	therefore, we'll probably never see a round number, which I don't mind, but maybe ask Kirk about this,
	because people may not like this idea.
	Maybe ask Kirk, Sam and Rachel's oppinion on this, because I don't care which time is shown.

Add different breath types.
	box breathing, calm breathing, etc.


add a menu on start to choose
	vehicle
	scene
	time
	snow on/off
	voice on/off
		or even chimes on/off



+-------------------------------------+
| Todo items for kirk to help with :) |
+-------------------------------------+

add: kirk's grass sprite so the sheep aren't eating mud any more lol.
add musical chimes for in, hold & out
make the scenery change as we progress through the session, showing we're nearing the end.
	Talk to kirk about this, because it's his idea and I'm not sure how to do this.


New level ideas
A boat on water that goes up and down
  could be a toy boat
    the scene starts with a tiny boat in the sea, zoom in and the waves grow.
    or just start the scene zoomed in.


Birdies flying in the air up and down
  could add planes, hot air balloons and other birdies flying in the opposite direction.



